# Assignment 2 - Natural Language Processing

## Setup

This notebook contains the setup and implementation for Assignment 2 in Natural Language Processing.

### Libraries Used
- datasets
- transformers
- sentencepiece
- seqeval

## Instructions

1. Install the required libraries:
    ```bash
    !pip3 install datasets
    !pip3 install transformers
    !pip3 install sentencepiece
    !pip3 install seqeval
    ```

2. Import necessary modules and initialize the environment.

3. Download the Naampadam (Indic NER) dataset using the `datasets` library.

4. Tokenize and align labels for the train, test, and validation datasets.

5. Define the necessary functions for training and evaluation.

## Question 2

### 2.1) INDIC-BERT

- Initialize the tokenizer and model for the INDIC-BERT architecture.
- Tokenize the texts and align the labels.
- Define the training arguments and initialize the trainer.
- Train the model and evaluate its performance on the test and validation datasets.

### 2.2) INDIC-NER

- Initialize the tokenizer and model for the INDIC-NER architecture.
- Tokenize the texts and align the labels.
- Define the training arguments and initialize the trainer.
- Train the model and evaluate its performance on the test and validation datasets.

## Question 3

- Provided the chat GPT response for each word in a list of list format.

## Question 4

- Define the necessary functions for predicting labels using already trained INDIC-BERT and INDIC-NER models and chat GPT response.
- Perform predictions and evaluate the F1-score.

## Question 5

- Created a report showing comparision and output generated by both the model.

## Additional Information

- Adjustments may be required based on specific dataset characteristics and model performance.
- Feel free to contact for any assistance or clarification.
